Release notes page (#733)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/release_notes.md

---
title: {{ PRODUCT }} Release Notes
---

<Callout type="info">

> This page contains release notes related to the [{{ PRODUCT }} Developer Console]({{ APP_URL }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains release notes related to the {{ PORTAL_LINK }}.
```

See [NPM Packages Changelog](/guides/changelog) for release notes related to the  {{ PRODUCT }} CLI packages and connectors.

</Callout>

> #### Edgio Console - April 20, 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### {{ PORTAL }} - April 20, 2023
```
